- [Instructor] Our demo is complete,
but we still need to take a look
through the generated classes
in order to understand them better.
So firstly, all the classes got generated in a package,
which is com.example.services.
And that is because,
if you recollect, under the employee proto file
we explicitly mentioned the Java_ package
on number five.
Had we not done this,
then all the classes would have sat
in a package which is called example.
Now the most important class to look
in this is the employee service GRPC.
I will open this with my editor.
So if you look through this, this has got the client
and the silver stubs boat.
Which you will use to implement the server
and the client later.
So it has got to get employee method, the RPC method,
which you see on line 20 and 21.
Additionally, it has got a list of methods,
which provide the client a step
in order to make a call to the service remote method.
Now the client can make either an asynchronous call
or a blocking call.
And there are different steps
for each of these types of calls.
For example, on line 51,
there's a method called new stub.
This is the one that the client will grab
in order to make an asynchronous call to the service method.
Additionally, on line 65,
there is a new blocking step that the client can get hold of
in order to make a blocking call.
So those are the client and the service steps
that are available in this service class.
Let's also see employee request and employee response.
These are the objects that were generated corresponding
to the message types that we define in our proto file.
Additionally, GRPC uses the builder design pattern
in order to help you retrieve or set values to each
of the fields in the employee request and employee response.
And that is why you see these builder classes,
employee request or builder, employee response or builder.
Lastly, employee or Java is a class
which is going to give you the description
of all the other classes that got generated.
Just to note, we never make any changes to these classes.
We just needed to look
into them so that we know what got generated
and we know what to use when.
So that is all as a part of this demo.
Please note this demo was done to demonstrate
how you can use Protobuf
in order to write a service file,
generate stubs out of it.
And then go ahead with your service implementation.
This is just scratching the surface of protocol buffers.
If you would like to learn more
there is a link to the comprehensive guide
which is the official documentation
on developers.google.com explicitly explaining
you protocol buffers in greater detail.
Please take a look at it in order to study further.